what's up I'm not jota point caney and
We are others of Tangier label
venemusic fights we carry for the e
verify number 28 and I have to give you the
thank you because we have already exceeded the
100 subscribers I am very happy and
well we are here in the event of japan
and took out joni vania and you see her
Well there is little you see because I just
kill in our first fight not the
I use the truth a lot and that is
fascine a little in this event that just
put mutants because they are all beast
electrical and so I'm not liking
too much that's the only thing that does not
like because you can not use
different mutants and well I hope that
like the video and greetings kids
so by the way a little treat for tommy the
xc who told me to raise a little baby
by facebook so you already know a greeting
and see you later
yes
and
yes there is everything
wants to be part of a liquid
also s
the day
yes
do not
Y
yes
ch to pass the text
it would be a delight
at the time of waiting
and
ah